Update docs (#135)
scale-it/algorand-builder: docs/deployer.md

# Deployer

Deployer wraps an SDK `AlgodV2` client and provides a higher level functionality to deploy [Algorand Standard Assets(ASA)](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/features/asa/) and [Stateful Smart Contracts(SSC)](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/features/asc1/stateful/) to the Algorand network:
* load ASA definition files
* load smart-contract files
* create transaction log and checkpoints.

> It will protect you to deploy same ASA or steteful smart contract twice. It will store transaction log in a checkpoint and allow you to reference later (in other scripts or in REPL) deployed ASA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will protect you from deploying same ASA or stateful smart contract twice. It will store transaction log in a checkpoint and allow you to reference later (in other scripts or in REPL) deployed ASA.
```

Author: Good suggestion. Thanks.
